---
layout:     post
title:      "Strengthening Ties: Hadron Physics at Khon Kaen University, Thailand"
subtitle:   
date:       2024-04-01
author:     aj.arifi
header-img: img/intro.jpeg
catalog: true
tags:
    - collaboration
---

In February, I had the pleasure of visiting Thailand, specifically Khon Kaen University, 
located in the northeastern region of the country. 
Known for its strong academic programs and lively campus atmosphere, 
Khon Kaen University is easily accessible from Bangkok by air, making travel there straightforward and convenient.

### Collaboration

Khon Kaen University is home to a dynamic high-energy physics group, 
which includes a focus on hadron physics—the field in which I am currently engaged. 
During my visit, I primarily collaborated with Prof. Daris Samart and his students. 
The purpose of my visit was largely academic, as I was invited to present a seminar on hadron physics 
and to work closely with the university’s students on research projects. 
The experience was both enriching and productive, as our discussions and 
exchanges of ideas led to significant progress in our collaborative work.

### Impressions

One of the first cultural differences I encountered was the Thai calendar system, 
which is 543 years ahead of the Gregorian calendar. 
For instance, while the year is 2024 in the Gregorian calendar, it is 2567 in Thailand. 
This difference was intriguing and added a unique dimension to my experience. 
Adapting to the climate in Khon Kaen was straightforward, 
as it closely resembles the warm and humid weather of Indonesia, 
making it easy for me to feel at home.

Another highlight of my visit was the local cuisine. 
The food in Khon Kaen offers a delightful mix of sour and spicy flavors, 
with dishes such as tom yum goong (spicy shrimp soup) being particularly memorable. 
FYI, instant tom yum cup noodles are usually provided at hotels in Thailand. 
The seafood, in particular, was fresh and exceptionally flavorful, contributing to a thoroughly enjoyable culinary experience.

### Reflection

My visit to Khon Kaen University was not only professionally rewarding but also personally enriching. 
The students demonstrated remarkable enthusiasm and dedication to their studies, 
which greatly enhanced the productivity of our collaboration. 
The warm hospitality extended by the university community made me feel welcome and appreciated, 
leaving a lasting positive impression.

As I reflect on my time at Khon Kaen University, I am optimistic about the future of our collaborative efforts. 
The progress we achieved during my visit marks the beginning of what I hope will be a long and fruitful partnership. 
I look forward to the possibility of continued collaboration with the talented students and faculty at Khon Kaen University.

