---
layout:     post
title:      "Workshop on quark structure of hadrons"
subtitle:   
date:       2023-07-01
author:     aj.arifi
header-img: img/hadron_poster.jpeg
catalog: true
tags:
    - workshop
---


#### Overview

Understanding the structure of hadrons will unveil the nonperturbative aspects of quantum chromodynamics, the least precise theory in the standard model. With notable advancements in the experimental side, the discovery of numerous new hadron states underscores the growing significance of understanding their internal structure. Additionally, alongside active experimental facilities, the approval of proposed EIC experiments is expected to further stimulate interest in the field of hadron physics. The workshop is intended to explore recent progress in understanding the quark structure of hadrons, addressing topics such as hadron reactions, structures, interactions, and their modifications in the nuclear medium. We welcome researchers from diverse backgrounds, encompassing experiments, theory, phenomenology, and lattice studies, to join us in these discussions. 

With a focus on fostering collaboration and idea exchange, each presentation will be granted ample time, allowing for meaningful discussion among participants. Furthermore, the workshop aims to cultivate communication and collaboration among young students and researchers within the Asia-Pacific region, providing a platform for networking and sharing knowledge. Through this effort, we aspire to deepen our understanding of hadron physics and connect researchers in the region. We invite you to be a part of this exchange of ideas and exploration of the quark structure of hadrons.

Time     : July 29-30 \\
Place    : RIKEN and online (hybrid style)

#### Speakers
- Ahmad Jafar Arifi (RIKEN)
- Punkhoha Nongnaphat (Khon Kaen U)
- Zulkaida Akbar (BRIN)
- Parada Hutauruk (PKNU)
- Muhammad Ridwan (Indonesia U)
- Daris Samart (Khon Kaen U)
- Yasuhiro Yamaguchi (Nagoya U)
- Yuki Kamiya (RIKEN)

#### Organizers
- Ahmad Jafar Arifi (RIKEN)
- Daris Samarts (Khon Kaen U)

#### Contact
Ahmad Jafar Arifi: ahmad.arifi@riken.jp 

#### Sponsor
This workshop is supported by the special postdoctoral researcher program.
