---
layout:     post
title:      "Workshop on Quark Structure of Hadrons 2024"
subtitle:   
date:       2024-05-01
author:     aj.arifi
header-img: img/index_hadron2.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - workshop
---


#### Overview
The workshop is intended to explore recent progress in understanding the quark structure of hadrons, addressing topics such as hadron reactions, structures, interactions, and their modifications in the nuclear medium. We welcome researchers from diverse backgrounds, encompassing experiments, theory, phenomenology, and lattice studies, to join us in these discussions. Furthermore, the workshop aims to cultivate communication and collaboration among young students and researchers within the Asia-Pacific region, providing a platform for networking and sharing knowledge. Through this effort, we aspire to deepen our understanding of hadron physics and connect researchers in the region. We invite you to be a part of this exchange of ideas and exploration of the quark structure of hadrons. 
<p style="margin-bottom: -0.7cm;"></p>

- Date : August 9-10
- Vanue : RIKEN (hybrid)
- Zoom : (announced later)

#### Registration
Please contact the organizer and fill the google form by the deadline.
The program will be announced in the next circular and e-mail.
For onsite participant, please register as soon as possible since some procedures are requred.
Target total participants: 15-20 people.
We prioritize diversity and young researchers for talks.
<p style="margin-bottom: -0.7cm;"></p>
- Registration: google form


#### Important Dates
- May 20: First circular
- June 15: Registration deadline
- July 01: Announcement for participants
- July 31: Final circular
- August 9-10: Workshop day

#### Confirmed Speakers
- Nodoka Yamanaka (RIKEN, Japan)
- Ahmad Jafar Arifi (RIKEN, Japan)
- Muhammad Ridwan (Indonesia U,Indonesia)

#### Program
The program for two days workshop will be shown here. (The page is regularly updated)

(Day 1) August 9, 2024

| Time         | Activity   | Description   |
| :---:        | :---:      | :---:         |
| 09.45-10.00  | Opening  |   Organizer     |
| 10.00-12.00  | Morning session |  Speaker  |
| 12.00-13.30  | Lunch break  |  at cafetaria    |
| 13.30-17.00  | Afternoon session| Speaker |
| 18.00-20.00  | Banquet    |   at cafetaria     |

(Day 2) August 10, 2024

| Time         | Activity    | Description        |
| :---:        | :---:       | :---:              |
| 10.00-12.00  | Morning session  |  Speaker  |
| 12.00-13.30  | Lunch break  |  at cafetaria      |
| 13.30-16.30  | Afternoon session | Speaker  |
| 16.30-17.00  | Closing   |    Organizer    |


#### For Onsite Participant
We will provide the information for onsite participation.
<p style="margin-bottom: -0.7cm;"></p>
- Accomodation
- Visitor card
- Banquet

#### Organizers
- Ahmad Jafar Arifi (RIKEN) 

#### Contact Information
- E-mail: ahmad.arifi_at_riken.jp

#### Support
- This workshop is supported by RIKEN special postdoctoral researcher program.

