---
layout:     post
title:      "Essential Physics Books for Hadron Physicist"
subtitle:   
date:       2024-11-15
author:     aj.arifi
header-img: img/intro.jpeg
catalog: true
tags:
    - lecture
---

Starting an undergraduate journey in physics is both thrilling and demanding. Each course opens new perspectives on how our world—and the universe—really works. From the classical laws of motion laid down by Newton to the intricate mysteries of the quantum world, physics offers a structured path to exploring the fundamental principles of nature. This curated book list presents essential resources for foundational physics topics, designed to help you master everything from the basics of mechanics to the forefront of quantum theory and beyond.

#### Mechanics
- W. Greiner. Classical Mechanics: Point Particles and Relativity.
- W. Greiner. Classical Mechanics: Systems of Particles and Hamiltonian Dynamics. 

#### Electromagnetism
- W. Greiner. Classical Electrodynamics.
- D. Griffiths. Introduction to Electrodynamics.

#### Thermodynamics and Statistical Mechanics
- W. Greiner. Thermodynamics and Statistical Mechanics.

#### Quantum Mechanics
- D. Griffiths. Introduction to Quantum Mechanics.
- W. Greiner. Quantum Mechanics: An introduction.

#### Advanced Quantum Mechanics
- W. Greiner. Quantum Mechanics: Special chapters.
- W. Greiner. Quantum Mechanics: Symmetries.
- W. Greiner. Relativistic Quantum Mechanics.

#### Introduction to Nuclear & Particle Physics
- D. Griffiths. Introduction to Elementary Particles
- D. Perkins. Introduction to High Energy Physics.
- F. Halzen & A. Martin. Quarks and Leptons.
- A. Das & T. Ferbel. Introduction to Nuclear and Particle Physics.
- W. Greiner. Nuclear Models.

#### Quantum Field Theory
- M. Peskin. An introduction to quantum field theory
- W. Greiner. Field Quantization. 
- W. Greiner. Quantum Electrodynamics.
- W. Greiner. Gauge Theory of Weak Interactions.
- W. Greiner. Quantum Chromodynamics.
- A. Das. Lectures on Quantum Field Theory.
- M. Schwartz. Quantum Field Theory and the Standard Model.
- C. Itzykson. Quantum Field Theory.
- F. Mandl. Quantum Field Theory




