---
layout:     post
title:      "Essential Physics Books for Hadron Physicist"
subtitle:   
date:       2025-01-15
author:     aj.arifi
header-img: img/intro.jpeg
catalog: true
tags:
    - lecture
---

Starting an undergraduate journey in physics is both thrilling and demanding. Each course opens new perspectives on how our world—and the universe—really works. From the classical laws of motion laid down by Newton to the intricate mysteries of the quantum world, physics offers a structured path to exploring the fundamental principles of nature. This curated book list presents essential resources for foundational physics topics, designed to help you master everything from the basics of mechanics to the forefront of quantum theory and beyond.

## Fundamental Physics

#### Introductory Physics
- Halliday & Resnick. Fundamentals of Physics.

#### Modern Physics
- Thornton. Modern Physics for scientists and engineers
- Tipler. Modern Physics
- Krane. Modern Physics

#### Classical Mechanics
- Thornton & Marion. Classical Dynamics of particle and system
- Goldstein. Classical Mechanics
- W. Greiner. Classical Mechanics: Point Particles and Relativity.
- W. Greiner. Classical Mechanics: Systems of Particles and Hamiltonian Dynamics.

#### Vibration and Wave 
- Pain. The Physics of Vibrations and Waves
- Hecht. Optics

#### Classical Electromagnetism
- W. Greiner. Classical Electrodynamics.
- J. Jackson. Classical Electrodynamics
- D. Griffiths. Introduction to Electrodynamics.

#### Thermodynamics and Statistical Mechanics
- Reif. Fundamentals of Statistical and Thermal Physics
- W. Greiner. Thermodynamics and Statistical Mechanics.

## Mathematical Methods

#### Calculus
- Purcell. Calculus

#### Mathematical Physics
- Boas. Mathematical Methods in The Physical Science
- Arfken, Weber & Harris. Mathematical Methods for Physicist

## Quantum Physics

#### Quantum Mechanics
- D. Griffiths. Introduction to Quantum Mechanics.
- W. Greiner. Quantum Mechanics: An introduction.
- Gasiorowicz. Quantum Physics.
- Sakurai. Modern Quantum Mechanics.
- Weinberg. Lectures on Quantum Mechanics.
- Feynman. The Feynman Lectures in Physics.
- W. Greiner. Quantum Mechanics: Special chapters.
- W. Greiner. Quantum Mechanics: Symmetries.
- W. Greiner. Relativistic Quantum Mechanics.

### Angular Momentum
- Edmonds. Angular Momentum in Quantum Mechanics
- Devanathan. Angular Momentum Techniques in Quantum Mechanics

### Group Theory
- Georgi. Lie Groups for Particle Phyiscs
- W. Greiner. Quantum Mechanics: Symmetries.
- Das & Okubo. Lie Groups and Lie Algebra for Physicist
- Costa & Fogli. Symmetries and Group Theory in Particle Physics
- Strocchi. Symmetry Breaking

#### Quantum Field Theory
- M. Peskin. An introduction to quantum field theory
- W. Greiner. Field Quantization. 
- Srednicki. Quantum Field Theory
- A. Das. Lectures on Quantum Field Theory.
- C. Itzykson. Quantum Field Theory.
- F. Mandl. Quantum Field Theory

#### Standard Model
- W. Greiner. Quantum Electrodynamics.
- W. Greiner. Gauge Theory of Weak Interactions.
- W. Greiner. Quantum Chromodynamics.
- M. Schwartz. Quantum Field Theory and the Standard Model.

 
## Topical Physics

#### Particle Physics
- D. Griffiths. Introduction to Elementary Particles
- D. Perkins. Introduction to High Energy Physics.
- F. Halzen & A. Martin. Quarks and Leptons.
- A. Das & T. Ferbel. Introduction to Nuclear and Particle Physics.
- W. Greiner. Nuclear Models.



